Google:

Iconoclasm
Vicariously
Attention whore
Planned obsolesence
Dunning-Kruger Effect
The cheerleader effect
bsod
generative adversarial network
anisotropic filtering
The great reset - Wikipedia
"Strucutral Adjustment programmes / Colonialism"
The divide

Paradise Papers (murdered Journalist)
Pandora Papers
Cambridge Analytica

Tan Suit Scandal
Grand Canyon

United states money supply

Thomas picketty (return on capital r/g)
(Tendency of capitalism to promote the concentration of wealth)

Kleptocracy / Plutocracy

Anekantavada

"Attractor" - Wikipedia (physics)

Rat Park

Effort Optimism - Wikipedia

Epigenetic Clock

Lemon Tek

cummingtonite (mineral)

Mind wandering

findom

degrowth

goodlaw project

Chinese room argument (AI)

Obscurantism

Executive dysfunction

Positive illusions (wikipedia)

cognitive reserve

accelerating change

Bayesian network

Doomscrolling

hellscape

over-run

PhD Comics (Piled Higher and deeper)

xkcd Comics

Death (john Jones caver)

Leptin / Ghrelin

triggered / trigger warnings

Metformin aging

"Killed by a rich kid"

HeLa  (the immortal life of Henrietta Lacks)

Pareidolia

water speed record

Chronoception

Azreal

Continental drift

Hiroshima and Nagasaki

Amortality

Vistas

Quantum Tunnelling

Just-world fallacy
action bias
peak end rule
replication crisis in social science

Pets proven to reduce stress and anxiety

"IMF - Spend as much as you can" - Google

Fractional reserve banking / FED reserve

Otto warmbier american Hostage

Sunscreen

-
YouTube:
Brian Cox Lecture: GCSE science brought down to earth

Wikipedia: positive illusions (Positive mental health effects)
(Just world fallacy)

Saliva is good for teeth

(possibly write an essay about how upbringing is correlated with life outcomes)
for example: 31st of may, 2021. Foster care statistics screenshot.

-
Write an article about putting a monetary cost on your time (Keep on track Spending / reward)

Temptation Bundling

“What would the best version of me do?” - Ask yourself that TODAY

Understand mental resistance, and how it influences behaviour

“the belief that in the future you will somehow be more motivated, more energetic”

How to stop wasting time on reddit” - Gamequitters

How habits work: https://charlesduhigg.com/how-habits-work/

“I didn’t ask you how you feel about it, or if you wanted to, I asked you to make your bed”

Things I wish I knew 10 years ago - Write this

Stupid ideas that held me back - Write this

The ideas of Terence McKenna (add McKenna videos / ideas)

"The micronutrient myth" - i.e .that macro / micro nutrients are enough for good health

Dealing with the unfairness of life

Democracy = Demos + Kratia = people + power

procrastination, dopamine, entropy

Pareto principle - 80 / 20 rule

Buddhism

Yoga / Regular yoga practice / Kundalini Yoga in the morning

23AndMe

Sunscreen (UVB and photoaging) - Plus add the image of that woman. Also the guy who drives the truck.

Dental trays (teeth whitening)

Weight vest & pull ups

When feeling tired look up for 10-15 seconds. Eyes open look up at the ceiling.

Moisturiser (Skincare)

Morning ritual

The coolidge effect. Behavioural psychology

* it's okay to ask for help / therapist

Telehealth

vyvanse, Quetiapine

Why does taking methamphetamine make people with ADHD more focused (dopamine deficiency)

Dopamine reuptake inhibitor

Laser hair removal

Body razer (instead of shaving)

“The dictionary is the only place that success comes before work.
work is the key to success, and hard work can help you accomplish anything.” ― Vince Lombardi

Couch to 5k / half marathon / park runs (local)

Hindsight bias

1 meal a day (warrior diet)

"It's not what happens to you it's your reaction to what happens.
It's not what happens it's how you then react to it." - Paraphrase of Epictetus

Dishwasher

Don’t waste your time with stocks, or crypto. Honestly not worth it unless you have a few hundred thousand in it.

“Nothing can be understood except in the context of the whole“ - (paraphraise of a Mourinho - Hegel misquote)

Findom

“Mood follows action” - Exercise 5 days per week.

“Pleasure is feeling your power increasing” - Nietzsche

“I know of no other way of dealing with a great task than that of play” - Nietzsche

Meteorology

“Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired.” ― Jules Renard

“The adult brain doesn’t want to change the algorithms it learned in childhood.” - Andrew Huberman
Acetylcholine, nucleus basalis

Micronutrient myth / (see: multivitamin myth)

CBD - GABA

Meditation

Regular intense exercise

Rainbow six

“The only thing you can do is your number 1 task”

Sometimes it takes 20 years of experience to fix something in 30 seconds.
So you’re not paying for the 30 seconds, but for the lifetime to be able to fix it that fast.

(aphorisms page)










